A sorting algorithm isn't a program it's likely only a small part of a much larger program. Microsoft Office has roughly 40 million lines of code. A sorting algorithm is only 10 lines long which is pretty easy for a single programmer to write. Sorting is a discipline of software engineering. Microsoft Office probably contains hundreds of thousands of functions. Even packing up code into functions isn't enough Microsoft into functions is still not enough. Microsoft Office is still way too many things for one person not te to manage. Programming languages often use programming languages. The idea of packing up functional here is called objectoriented programming. It's a way to move move up a new level of abstraction breaking up a big program abstraction. A well-defined application programming well- defined application programming interface or API for short. An API is the way that collaborating programmers interact across various parts of the code for example in the ignition control object. Every piece of software on your computer or game running on your your computer was built using an object-oriented programming language. It's important to remember that code before being compiled is just text as I mentioned earlier. The ability to hide complexity and selectively to hide complex and selectively reveal is the essence of object- oriented programming. Back to the line of code where it happened and often. provide code where the bug happened and provide. additional information to help you track down and fix the bug. good tools contained in Ides can go a long. good documentation in the source code helps programmers when they revisit code. good debugging not writing new code is better than good code. Documentation also promotes code reuse. ID is another important piece of ID. Software that helps big teams work is called Source control or revision control. Source Control software keeps track of all changes and if a bug is found the all changes. The master version of the code stored on on the server should always compile without errors and run with minimal bugs but errors. Debugging goes hand inhand with writing code and it's most often done by an individual or small. The Alpha version is the version that comes before the beta the Alpha version. The beta version is usually so rough and buggy it's only tested internally so that's the tip of the iceberg in terms of the tools tricks and techniques that allow software. Next episode we'll be talking about how computers got so fast.